textord_debug_tabfind	0	Debug tab finding
textord_debug_bugs	0	Turn on output related to bugs in tab finding
textord_testregion_left	-1	Left edge of debug reporting rectangle
textord_testregion_top	-1	Top edge of debug reporting rectangle
textord_testregion_right	2147483647	Right edge of debug rectangle
textord_testregion_bottom	2147483647	Bottom edge of debug rectangle
textord_tabfind_show_partitions	0	Show partition bounds, waiting if >1
devanagari_split_debuglevel	0	Debug level for split shiro-rekha process.
edges_max_children_per_outline	10	Max number of children inside a character outline
edges_max_children_layers	5	Max layers of nested children inside a character outline
edges_children_per_grandchild	10	Importance ratio for chucking outlines
edges_children_count_limit	45	Max holes allowed in blob
edges_min_nonhole	12	Min pixels for potential char in box
edges_patharea_ratio	40	Max lensq/area for acceptable child outline
textord_fp_chop_error	2	Max allowed bending of chop cells
textord_tabfind_show_images	0	Show image blobs
classify_num_cp_levels	3	Number of Class Pruner Levels
textord_skewsmooth_offset	4	For smooth factor
textord_skewsmooth_offset2	1	For smooth factor
textord_test_x	-2147483647	coord of test pt
textord_test_y	-2147483647	coord of test pt
textord_min_blobs_in_row	4	Min blobs before gradient counted
textord_spline_minblobs	8	Min blobs in each spline segment
textord_spline_medianwin	6	Size of window for spline segmentation
textord_max_blob_overlaps	4	Max number of blobs a big blob can overlap
textord_min_xheight	10	Min credible pixel xheight
textord_lms_line_trials	12	Number of linew fits to do
oldbl_holed_losscount	10	Max lost before fallback line used
editor_image_xpos	590	Editor image X Pos
editor_image_ypos	10	Editor image Y Pos
editor_image_menuheight	50	Add to image height for menu bar
editor_image_word_bb_color	7	Word bounding box colour
editor_image_blob_bb_color	4	Blob bounding box colour
editor_image_text_color	2	Correct text colour
editor_dbwin_xpos	50	Editor debug window X Pos
editor_dbwin_ypos	500	Editor debug window Y Pos
editor_dbwin_height	24	Editor debug window height
editor_dbwin_width	80	Editor debug window width
editor_word_xpos	60	Word window X Pos
editor_word_ypos	510	Word window Y Pos
editor_word_height	240	Word window height
editor_word_width	655	Word window width
pitsync_linear_version	6	Use new fast algorithm
pitsync_fake_depth	1	Max advance fake generation
textord_tabfind_show_strokewidths	0	Show stroke widths
textord_dotmatrix_gap	3	Max pixel gap for broken pixed pitch
textord_debug_block	0	Block to do debug on
textord_pitch_range	2	Max range test on pitch
textord_words_veto_power	5	Rows required to outvote a veto
textord_debug_printable	0	Make debug windows printable
stream_filelist	0	Stream a filelist from stdin
textord_space_size_is_variable	0	If true, word delimiter spaces are assumed to have variable width, even though characters have fixed pitch.
textord_tabfind_show_initial_partitions	0	Show partition bounds
textord_tabfind_show_reject_blobs	0	Show blobs rejected as noise
textord_tabfind_show_columns	0	Show column bounds
textord_tabfind_show_blocks	0	Show final block bounds
textord_tabfind_find_tables	1	run table detection
devanagari_split_debugimage	0	Whether to create a debug image for split shiro-rekha process.
textord_show_fixed_cuts	0	Draw fixed pitch cell boundaries
edges_use_new_outline_complexity	0	Use the new outline complexity module
edges_debug	0	turn on debugging for this module
edges_children_fix	0	Remove boxy parents of char-like children
equationdetect_save_bi_image	0	Save input bi image
equationdetect_save_spt_image	0	Save special character image
equationdetect_save_seed_image	0	Save the seed image
equationdetect_save_merged_image	0	Save the merged image
gapmap_debug	0	Say which blocks have tables
gapmap_use_ends	0	Use large space at start and end of rows
gapmap_no_isolated_quanta	0	Ensure gaps not less than 2quanta wide
textord_heavy_nr	0	Vigorously remove noise
textord_show_initial_rows	0	Display row accumulation
textord_show_parallel_rows	0	Display page correlated rows
textord_show_expanded_rows	0	Display rows after expanding
textord_show_final_rows	0	Display rows after final fitting
textord_show_final_blobs	0	Display blob bounds after pre-ass
textord_test_landscape	0	Tests refer to land/port
textord_parallel_baselines	1	Force parallel baselines
textord_straight_baselines	0	Force straight baselines
textord_old_baselines	1	Use old baseline algorithm
textord_old_xheight	0	Use old xheight algorithm
textord_fix_xheight_bug	1	Use spline baseline
textord_fix_makerow_bug	1	Prevent multiple baselines
textord_debug_xheights	0	Test xheight algorithms
textord_biased_skewcalc	1	Bias skew estimates with line length
textord_interpolating_skew	1	Interpolate across gaps
textord_new_initial_xheight	1	Use test xheight mechanism
textord_debug_blob	0	Print test blob information
textord_really_old_xheight	0	Use original wiseowl xheight
textord_oldbl_debug	0	Debug old baseline generation
textord_debug_baselines	0	Debug baseline generation
textord_oldbl_paradef	1	Use para default mechanism
textord_oldbl_split_splines	1	Split stepped splines
textord_oldbl_merge_parts	1	Merge suspect partitions
oldbl_corrfix	1	Improve correlation of heights
oldbl_xhfix	0	Fix bug in modes threshold for xheights
textord_ocropus_mode	0	Make baselines for ocropus
poly_debug	0	Debug old poly
poly_wide_objects_better	1	More accurate approx on wide things
wordrec_display_all_blobs	0	Display Blobs
wordrec_blob_pause	0	Blob pause
wordrec_display_splits	0	Display splits
textord_tabfind_only_strokewidths	0	Only run stroke widths
textord_tabfind_show_initialtabs	0	Show tab candidates
textord_tabfind_show_finaltabs	0	Show tab vectors
textord_show_tables	0	Show table regions
textord_tablefind_show_mark	0	Debug table marking steps in detail
textord_tablefind_show_stats	0	Show page stats used in table finding
textord_tablefind_recognize_tables	0	Enables the table recognizer for table layout and filtering.
textord_all_prop	0	All doc is proportial text
textord_debug_pitch_test	0	Debug on fixed pitch test
textord_disable_pitch_test	0	Turn off dp fixed pitch algorithm
textord_fast_pitch_test	0	Do even faster pitch algorithm
textord_debug_pitch_metric	0	Write full metric stuff
textord_show_row_cuts	0	Draw row-level cuts
textord_show_page_cuts	0	Draw page-level cuts
textord_pitch_cheat	0	Use correct answer for fixed/prop
textord_blockndoc_fixed	0	Attempt whole doc/block fixed pitch
textord_show_initial_words	0	Display separate words
textord_show_new_words	0	Display separate words
textord_show_fixed_words	0	Display forced fixed pitch words
textord_blocksall_fixed	0	Moan about prop blocks
textord_blocksall_prop	0	Moan about fixed pitch blocks
textord_blocksall_testing	0	Dump stats when moaning
textord_test_mode	0	Do current test
textord_pitch_scalebigwords	0	Scale scores on big words
textord_restore_underlines	1	Chop underlines & put back
textord_fp_chopping	1	Do fixed pitch chopping
textord_force_make_prop_words	0	Force proportional word segmentation on all rows
textord_chopper_test	0	Chopper is being tested.
document_title		Title of output document (used for hOCR and PDF output)
classify_font_name	UnknownFont	Default font name to be used in training
fx_debugfile	FXDebug	Name of debugfile
editor_image_win_name	EditorImage	Editor image window name
editor_dbwin_name	EditorDBWin	Editor debug window name
editor_word_name	BlnWords	BL normalized word window
debug_file	e:\1\tesseract.log	File to send tprintf output to
dotproduct	auto	Function used for calculation of dot product
textord_underline_threshold	0.5	Fraction of width occupied
edges_childarea	0.5	Min area fraction of child outline
edges_boxarea	0.875	Min area fraction of grandchild for box
textord_fp_chop_snap	0.5	Max distance of chop pt from vertex
gapmap_big_gaps	1.75	xht multiplier
classify_cp_angle_pad_loose	45	Class Pruner Angle Pad Loose
classify_cp_angle_pad_medium	20	Class Pruner Angle Pad Medium
classify_cp_angle_pad_tight	10	CLass Pruner Angle Pad Tight
classify_cp_end_pad_loose	0.5	Class Pruner End Pad Loose
classify_cp_end_pad_medium	0.5	Class Pruner End Pad Medium
classify_cp_end_pad_tight	0.5	Class Pruner End Pad Tight
classify_cp_side_pad_loose	2.5	Class Pruner Side Pad Loose
classify_cp_side_pad_medium	1.2	Class Pruner Side Pad Medium
classify_cp_side_pad_tight	0.6	Class Pruner Side Pad Tight
classify_pp_angle_pad	45	Proto Pruner Angle Pad
classify_pp_end_pad	0.5	Proto Prune End Pad
classify_pp_side_pad	2.5	Proto Pruner Side Pad
textord_spline_shift_fraction	0.02	Fraction of line spacing for quad
textord_spline_outlier_fraction	0.1	Fraction of line spacing for outlier
textord_skew_ile	0.5	Ile of gradients for page skew
textord_skew_lag	0.02	Lag for skew on row accumulation
textord_linespace_iqrlimit	0.2	Max iqr/median for linespace
textord_width_limit	8	Max width of blobs to make rows
textord_chop_width	1.5	Max width before chopping
textord_expansion_factor	1	Factor to expand rows by in expand_rows
textord_overlap_x	0.375	Fraction of linespace for good overlap
textord_minxh	0.25	fraction of linesize for min xheight
textord_min_linesize	1.25	* blob height for initial linesize
textord_excess_blobsize	1.3	New row made if blob makes row this big
textord_occupancy_threshold	0.4	Fraction of neighbourhood
textord_underline_width	2	Multiple of line_size for underline
textord_min_blob_height_fraction	0.75	Min blob height/top to include blob top into xheight stats
textord_xheight_mode_fraction	0.4	Min pile height to make xheight
textord_ascheight_mode_fraction	0.08	Min pile height to make ascheight
textord_descheight_mode_fraction	0.08	Min pile height to make descheight
textord_ascx_ratio_min	1.25	Min cap/xheight
textord_ascx_ratio_max	1.8	Max cap/xheight
textord_descx_ratio_min	0.25	Min desc/xheight
textord_descx_ratio_max	0.6	Max desc/xheight
textord_xheight_error_margin	0.1	Accepted variation
classify_min_slope	0.414214	Slope below which lines are called horizontal
classify_max_slope	2.41421	Slope above which lines are called vertical
classify_norm_adj_midpoint	32	Norm adjust midpoint ...
classify_norm_adj_curl	2	Norm adjust curl ...
oldbl_xhfract	0.4	Fraction of est allowed in calc
oldbl_dot_error_size	1.26	Max aspect ratio of a dot
textord_oldbl_jumplimit	0.15	X fraction for new partition
classify_pico_feature_length	0.05	Pico Feature Length
pitsync_joined_edge	0.75	Dist inside big blob for chopping
pitsync_offset_freecut_fraction	0.25	Fraction of cut for free cuts
textord_tabvector_vertical_gap_fraction	0.5	max fraction of mean blob width allowed for vertical gaps in vertical text
textord_tabvector_vertical_box_ratio	0.5	Fraction of box matches required to declare a line vertical
textord_projection_scale	0.2	Ding rate for mid-cuts
textord_balance_factor	1	Ding rate for unbalanced char cells
textord_wordstats_smooth_factor	0.05	Smoothing gap stats
textord_width_smooth_factor	0.1	Smoothing width stats
textord_words_width_ile	0.4	Ile of blob widths for space est
textord_words_maxspace	4	Multiple of xheight
textord_words_default_maxspace	3.5	Max believable third space
textord_words_default_minspace	0.6	Fraction of xheight
textord_words_min_minspace	0.3	Fraction of xheight
textord_words_default_nonspace	0.2	Fraction of xheight
textord_words_initial_lower	0.25	Max initial cluster size
textord_words_initial_upper	0.15	Min initial cluster spacing
textord_words_minlarge	0.75	Fraction of valid gaps needed
textord_words_pitchsd_threshold	0.04	Pitch sync threshold
textord_words_def_fixed	0.016	Threshold for definite fixed
textord_words_def_prop	0.09	Threshold for definite prop
textord_pitch_rowsimilarity	0.08	Fraction of xheight for sameness
words_initial_lower	0.5	Max initial cluster size
words_initial_upper	0.15	Min initial cluster spacing
words_default_prop_nonspace	0.25	Fraction of xheight
words_default_fixed_space	0.75	Fraction of xheight
words_default_fixed_limit	0.6	Allowed size variance
textord_words_definite_spread	0.3	Non-fuzzy spacing region
textord_spacesize_ratiofp	2.8	Min ratio space/nonspace
textord_spacesize_ratioprop	2	Min ratio space/nonspace
textord_fpiqr_ratio	1.5	Pitch IQR/Gap IQR threshold
textord_max_pitch_iqr	0.2	Xh fraction noise in pitch
textord_fp_min_width	0.5	Min width of decent blobs
textord_underline_offset	0.1	Fraction of x to ignore
